Remove old deploy script (#499)
home-assistant/alerts.home-assistant.io: README.md

## Deployment

> Deployments are handled by [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/), on each merge to master a new side will be build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deployments are handled by [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/), on each merge to master a new side will be built.
```

Author: ```suggestion
Deployments are handled by [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/), on each merge to master a new site will be built.
```
